Update set-up-saml.md (#2393)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/manage/security/saml/set-up-saml.md

1. (Optional) **Sign Authn Request**. If you select this option, Sumo will send signed Authn requests to your IdP. When you click this option, a Sumo-provided X-509 certificate is displayed. You can configure your IDP with this certificate, to use to verify the signature of the Authn requests sent by Sumo. 

>    :::note The X-509 certificate provided for Authn Request signing can also be used to configure encrypted assertions. Please reference your IdP documentation for instructions for how to configure encrypted assertions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :::note
   The X-509 certificate provided for Authn Request signing can also be used to configure encrypted assertions. Please reference your IdP documentation for instructions for how to configure encrypted assertions. 
```

1. (Optional) **Sign Authn Request**. If you select this option, Sumo will send signed Authn requests to your IdP. When you click this option, a Sumo-provided X-509 certificate is displayed. You can configure your IDP with this certificate, to use to verify the signature of the Authn requests sent by Sumo. 

   :::note

>    The X-509 certificate provided for Authn Request signing can also be used to configure encrypted assertions. Please reference your IdP documentation for instructions for how to configure encrypted assertions. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   The X-509 certificate provided for Authn Request signing can also be used to configure encrypted assertions. For details see your IdP documentation for instructions on how to configure encrypted assertions. 
```
